# Plastic pollution vs Country's per capita income in Tableau
This project depicts the relationship between plastic pollution and country's per capita income
 Most of the data used in the analysis came from:
https://ourworldindata.org/, https://data.worldbank.org/indicator/NY.GDP.PCAP.CD, https://plasticoceans.org/the-facts/
<br></br>
The research questions I tried answering to:
1. Why is there an increase in plastic production across every country each year?
2. Which country is producing more plastic and what is its recycling and mismanagement rate?
3. Is there any relation between the per capita income of a country and its plastic mismanagement?
4. Is the coastal population having any effect on plastic pollution?
5. Relation between Coastal plastic pollution and the highest plastic-producing countries.
<br></br>
Description of column names in tables:
<br></br>
**Code, Entity:** It consists of every country code present in the world as per the ISO country code.
<br></br>
**Total Mismanaged plastic waste:** Describes the statistics of the total mismanaged plastic waste in Million tones.
<br></br>
**Total Population:** Total population of the countries present in the world.
<br></br>
**Per Capita Income 2010:** Total Per Capita income of a country in 2010.
<br></br>
**Global plastic production:** Total plastic produced globally in million tones.
<br></br>
**Mismanaged plastic waste into Oceans:** Total amount of plastic waste dumped into the oceans in kg per year.
<br></br>
**Per capita plastic waste:** Amount of plastic waste generated by a person in kg per year about the country’s Per capita Income.
<br></br>
**Primary plastic production:** Describes the amount of plastic produced by different sectors around the world.
<br></br>
**Top N Countries:**  A parameter used to show the top countries and how well they are performing for a particular research question.
